So we had a couple of questions
come out about fonts.
So on the web, you could just set
one font for the whole application.
And the question was, whether you
could do the same on React Native.
Unfortunately you can't, because we use
inline styles we have to explicitly
set the font for every single element.
On big applications, there's a couple of
ways that you can share styles either you
will have a global shared style sheets
that you can import styles from,
to your individual components.
Or you can just have a text components
that you reuse in every single place.
So usually there's, you figure out
a one place to set the front but
then that thing is used
in multiple components.
Right let's look at the solution for
this styling exercise.
All right, so first thing we have,
we have some text here some boxes
are different color so
I'm gonna edit the text.
I'm making a conscious
effort not to type a u.
And you notice that the text
is quite a bit bolder here.
So we're going to add a text style.
And that's to font,
the default font size is 16, I think.
So let's do 18.
[SOUND]
Cool and because I got rid of styles for
the view, add text is touching
that end of the screen again, so
I'm gonna just add some padding.
Let's do paddingHorizontal 10.
Sounds good.
And here I'm gonna add some
padding to the top as well,
cuz this isn't at the top of the screen.
Let's do paddingTop, let's do 40.
Cool, all right, now let's do some boxes.
Now because this is just an area that
you wanna style, the best thing to use,
the only thing to use really is a view.
So I'm gonna just add a view here and I'm
gonna and I'm gonna add some text inside.
I'm just gonna copy the first one.
Cool, now I'm gonna add a style,
I'm gonna add cyanBox.
That's the backgroundColor.
Just copy this hex code
All right and
I definitely need some padding.
Ten, let's go with ten for padding.
And, right.
Okay, so the color for
the text here was white and bold.
So let's match that.
Oops, let's do box text.
Color white.
And fontWeight, bold.
All right, so what else, okay, so
you notice that the text here is centered.
Remember the way we center
things is using flex.
And we need to add in
order to center this,
we need to add style to its container.
So we need to go to cyanBox and
tell the box that we wanted content
inside it to be always centered.
So for this we do,
justifyContent, center and
alignItems.
Cool, it sent it, that's looking good.
And finally, let's do this text,
the header text.
This should have some spacing below,
so let's just add this.
So now we have our cyan box.
All pretty looking like the designs and
we'd like to add another one.
So to do that, I'm just gonna
copy the code for the cyanBox so
the box and text and
I'm gonna add it under here.
And I'm gonna name this,
a blueBox and updates.
So blue.
Cool.
And I need to add the styles.
[SOUND]
Okay, so now we've got two boxes, but
notice that they're touching each other.
Whereas on the designs they don't.
So I'm just gonna add some
bottom margin as well.
All right, well,
this is looking pretty good.
But one thing you might have noticed then,
as we added the second box,
we pretty much copied all the styles,
apart from the background color.
So we want to use the array method
of passing in two styles, so
we could pass the color and
the box style separately.
So I'm gonna create
a new style called box.
And then I'm going to copy
all the styles from here,
apart from the color into the box.
And then these,
I'm just going to convert to the colors.
And then for both of these box views,
I'm going to convert this into
an array and have two elements.
I'm gonna have the box and then the cyan.
Same here.
Gonna have the box and
the color, wrong color.
Cool and now we can just add the two
remaining colors the same way.
So we got magenta
and orange.
Add the orange.
I do have to add an extra one.
[SOUND] Nice and now this
match the design.
And I've also been running my
Android emulator in the background.
Cool and it's working on Android as well.
And one thing to notice that colors look
a little bit different between Android
and iOS.
And sometimes that's just how it is.
There's nothing to do about it.
We're literally using the same hex codes.
So that's something to be wary of.
I've had to change color values just for
Android just to make sure that it looks
good especially greens for some reason.
So it's something to be wary of.
Right let's look at the solution.
Make sure I've covered everything.
If for some reason you fall behind,
I know I typed quite quickly so
if you fall behind.
If you fell behind, or
you're a little bit confused,
feel free to click on these links.
And this should have all the depth
of what we just added as well.
I guess you add a paying top,
horizontal and the heading and
the boxes and combining styles,
cool that works.